today we are going to make this nice box
as you can see here is pretty
box based on textures I'm going to
teach step by step how to perform
this box for this we have list of
materials paste mural black paint
white paint painting pen jute place
spatula any plastic bag
more people tape
here I have my box previously painted
of white and sanded here the
masquin tape so that you can
see how I'm going to apply a layer
look how he applied a layer of happiness
once applied my paint layer two
hands I will proceed to take out the more 15
to help me with the dryer
Y
I will proceed to apply to the other
extreme
here I have my mural paste or relief paste
which you are going to apply as
if you were smearing butter for
this needs a spatula or a knife
of table look like how I am
applying
in this very simple way and practice
here also practical on the sides
Pasta
How to spread butter once applied
my relief paste
as you can see here
I will proceed in this way look at
play with the design is practically
created by you can do
different classes in this case I'm going to
make the same from the box
he grabbed him cross it in this way and as
the pasta is fresh
and new outputs
I reapply
and in this way I am applying it
Once applied it is allowed to dry until the day
tomorrow I will proceed to paint the
part of here
taking a sponge so that I stay
two colors here I have in the paint base
white and black paint
proceed in this way look with a
sponge and I will proceed to make this
shape
look how nice it looks
This is the way to decorate your chest
with two kinds of paint I do again
in the same way
the other edge
once applied all this part and
Applied
all this part here I already have a box
practically made dry
Here I have my pen painting which
mixed with a little bit of English I'm going to
proceed to apply the first part the
part of him and just work on black
mixed with a little bit of beige
once I mix I take my sponge
and I will proceed to try these pictures
as if he were illustrating
no no no
Look
to be noticed in this way
I'm getting a little bit of grace
and I'll return
so you can notice the texture that
is what we want
opens
look how my texture is noticed once
done this part of here
I apply my pen painting
with sponges on the white part with the
help from a plastic bag like
have these faces can see that it opens
opens wrinkles is wrinkle is thought
on fresh rectified paint
I will apply again in this way
until I stay as you can see
here at the base once this is done
I have here jute
they are going to fray it is very easy and
practical I'll teach you how to
frays the size you want
look
I already have it
in this way it frays here I already have
in the size that I desire and I have
painted with black acrylic as
can see here once finished
help in this case to decorate my house
I have the Nazca line which is already
previously painted white and sanding
I will proceed to paint in black
all my nasca line